# AvorionModTools
author: Rian Drake  
contact: riandrake#6840

## Avorion Documentation Patcher
----

### About
This script implements a simple monkey patch for the Avorion documentation that replaces all of the function definitions found in each file with hyperlinks whenever an avorion type (with documentation nearby) is found.

### Prerequisites (for compiling)
Python 3.8+

### Config (config.ini)
Here is where you can tweak some settings. If you make a mistake and you are not sure how to fix it, just delete config.ini and it will regenerate the next time you run the script.

```
[IO]
inputdirectory = The directory where you want to read html documentation from.
outputdirecotry = The directory where you want to write patched documentation to (must be different).
```

## Avorion Stub Generator
----

### About
This script looks at the documentation generated by the AvorionDocumentationPatcher and generates a bunch of stub lua files you can use to help with autocomplete and intellisense in your favourite text editor

### Prerequisites (for compiling)
Python 3.8+
BeautifulSoup


### How to use
Download the stubs.zip from the latest release on the [release page](https://github.com/riandrake/AvorionModTools/releases), extract the contents into your `mods/` directory or wherever you're developing. After that, open your workspace and hopefully your text editor has loaded the files for autocompletion.

Tested for use in Intellij IDEA Community with EmmyLua 1.3.3.150-IDEA201

~~Take the `stubs/` folder out of bin, then move it into your `mods/` directory or wherever you're developing. After that, open your workspace and hopefully your text editor has loaded the files for autocompletion.

~~I'm using Visual Studio Code and it required no additional setup other that a restart of the program, but you may want to look up how your text editor reads include files for you! (Maybe some setting)

Visual Studio might still work, but I(Bubbet) haven't tested it personally.
